Merchant request: I run a Shopify store and I'm losing sales every time something sells out — shoppers see "Sold out" and leave without telling me they were interested. I want a "Notify me when back in stock" app so any shopper can leave their email on a sold-out item and hear from me the moment it's available again, and I can see in the admin which products people are waiting on so I know what to restock. Shoppers should sign up at the variant level when a product has multiple variants like sizes or colors (they pick the exact one and only get notified about that one), or at the product level when there's nothing meaningful to choose between — default to whichever fits. The widget sits on the product page right under the sold-out button, takes an email, confirms inline, and never appears on items already in stock. When something is back, every shopper waiting should be emailed in the order they signed up; if only a few units come back and many are waiting, notify the front of the queue and keep the rest for the next restock, and each shopper hears about a given item once per restock so no duplicate blasts if stock briefly dips. In the admin I want a dashboard ranking products by waitlist size, a drill-in to see individual subscribers and export them as CSV, an editor for the email subject and body (with product name, item details, and a one-click unsubscribe link), and quiet hours so nothing sends late at night. Every email needs a working unsubscribe that clears the shopper from all their waitlists; deleted products clear their waitlist cleanly; duplicate signups for the same item from the same email are a no-op; the same email across many products is fine. The number I care about most is "lost demand recovered" — how many signed up, how many got notified, and how many of those actually bought that item within a week.

Product-agent intent (use as context — pick the archetype, capabilities,
and contracts from the merchant's actual needs):
{"triggerTypes": ["widget", "webhook", "cron", "admin"], "resources": ["products", "inventory", "customers", "orders"], "desiredOutcome": "Recover lost sales by capturing shopper interest on sold-out items and notifying them when stock returns, while giving the merchant visibility into demand patterns and conversion impact.", "cronHint": "every restock + daily at quiet-hours threshold", "appCategory": "storefront_backend_admin", "qualityBrief": "A polished back-in-stock app handles duplicate webhook deliveries (idempotent restock logic), guest checkout with no customer ID (email-only tracking), deleted products (cascade-clear their waitlists), partial restocks (queue fairness \u2014 notify only enough to cover new stock, hold the rest), and inventory races (a shopper signs up between the moment stock hits zero and the widget renders; the widget must reflect true inventory state in real time). The widget must be variant-aware and auto-select the appropriate level (variant or product) based on SKU cardinality. The email must deliver reliably with a working unsubscribe (one click, no re-confirm) that clears all lists. The admin dashboard must show conversion metrics with both granularities (exact variant vs any variant of the product), making it clear which demand signals are strongest. Quiet hours must respect the merchant's timezone and queue emails rather than drop them. Duplicate signups from the same email for the same item must be silent no-ops, and the same email across different products must work seamlessly."}

Work in two phases, then call emit_hld_plan:
  1. Design the domain plan (archetype, data model, capabilities, triggers,
     contracts) in domain terms.
  2. Resolve the Shopify bindings with the catalog tools — for each
     external-event trigger pick the topic and bind every signalField to a
     real payload path (verified with get_webhook_topic) or a declared
     resolution hop; for each shopify-* capability resolve the op(s) (use
     list_shopify_ops to compare siblings, get_shopify_op for detail).
Then call emit_hld_plan once with the complete plan.