[user]
I run a Shopify store and I'm losing sales every time something sells out — shoppers see "Sold out" and leave without telling me they were interested. I want a "Notify me when back in stock" app so any shopper can leave their email on a sold-out item and hear from me the moment it's available again, and I can see in the admin which products people are waiting on so I know what to restock. Shoppers should sign up at the variant level when a product has multiple variants like sizes or colors (they pick the exact one and only get notified about that one), or at the product level when there's nothing meaningful to choose between — default to whichever fits. The widget sits on the product page right under the sold-out button, takes an email, confirms inline, and never appears on items already in stock. When something is back, every shopper waiting should be emailed in the order they signed up; if only a few units come back and many are waiting, notify the front of the queue and keep the rest for the next restock, and each shopper hears about a given item once per restock so no duplicate blasts if stock briefly dips. In the admin I want a dashboard ranking products by waitlist size, a drill-in to see individual subscribers and export them as CSV, an editor for the email subject and body (with product name, item details, and a one-click unsubscribe link), and quiet hours so nothing sends late at night. Every email needs a working unsubscribe that clears the shopper from all their waitlists; deleted products clear their waitlist cleanly; duplicate signups for the same item from the same email are a no-op; the same email across many products is fine. The number I care about most is "lost demand recovered" — how many signed up, how many got notified, and how many of those actually bought that item within a week.

[assistant]
{"status": "needs_clarification", "question": "When stock comes back \u2014 say you restock 3 units of a size and 8 shoppers are waiting \u2014 you want to notify the first 3 in signup order and hold the rest for the next restock. That's clear. But I need to confirm the queue behavior: If stock drops again before you restock (e.g., someone cancels an order and that unit sells to another customer), do the held shoppers stay in their original position in line, or do they drop to the back? In other words, is the queue persistent across multiple restocks of the same variant, or does it reset each time?", "suggestions": ["Queue persists \u2014 same shoppers keep their place across multiple restocks", "Queue resets \u2014 each restock starts a fresh notification round"]}

[user]
Queue resets — each restock starts a fresh notification round