Merchant request: I'm selling on Shopify and want to start offering product bundles to lift my average order value. Customers buy single products today; if I bundle related products with a discount I think I can get them to add more to the cart. I should be able to create and manage bundles myself from the Shopify admin — no developer help needed once it's set up. Two bundle types matter. Fixed: I pick the exact products and the customer buys the whole pack or nothing. Flexible: I define a pool and a count ("pick any 3 from this list") and the customer chooses which items they want. Each bundle should let me pick products or specific variants. The discount should be configurable per bundle. I want to choose between three discount kinds: percentage off the bundle total, a flat amount off, or buy-X-get-Y-free where one of the items is effectively included free. On top of that I want tiered discounts — the more items in the bundle the bigger the cut. For example 2 items 10% off, 3 items 20% off, 4 items 30% off. On the storefront the bundle UI should appear on the product page itself. The customer picks their items (for flexible bundles), sees the discounted total live, and adds the whole bundle to cart in one click — discount applied automatically at checkout. In the admin I want a table of all my bundles, edit any field, enable/disable per bundle, and a count of times each was bought.

Product-agent intent (use as context — pick the archetype, capabilities,
and contracts from the merchant's actual needs):
{"triggerTypes": ["admin", "widget"], "resources": ["products", "discounts"], "desiredOutcome": "Merchants create and manage product bundles with tiered discounts; customers configure bundles on product pages and buy them with auto-applied discount codes.", "cronHint": null, "appCategory": "storefront_backend_admin", "qualityBrief": "A polished bundle app handles product/variant lookups without stale caches, generates unique discount codes per bundle type (fixed vs flexible) with correct tiering logic, and displays live totals that never diverge from final checkout price. It must validate that a customer's flexible-bundle selections meet the count requirement before allowing add-to-cart, gracefully handle deleted/unavailable products in existing bundles, and show bundle purchase counts without race conditions on concurrent orders. The admin form should let merchants bulk-edit tiered tiers and preview the discount matrix before saving. The storefront widget must be mobile-responsive, show out-of-stock variants clearly, and disable the add-to-cart button if selection is incomplete or if any item is unavailable."}

Work in two phases, then call emit_hld_plan:
  1. Design the domain plan (archetype, data model, capabilities, triggers,
     contracts) in domain terms.
  2. Resolve the Shopify bindings with the catalog tools — for each
     external-event trigger pick the topic and bind every signalField to a
     real payload path (verified with get_webhook_topic) or a declared
     resolution hop; for each shopify-* capability resolve the op(s) (use
     list_shopify_ops to compare siblings, get_shopify_op for detail).
Then call emit_hld_plan once with the complete plan.