Merchant request: I run a Shopify store and I'm losing sales every time something sells out — shoppers see "Sold out" and leave without telling me they were interested. I want a "Notify me when back in stock" app so any shopper can leave their email on a sold-out item and hear from me the moment it's available again, and I can see in the admin which products people are waiting on so I know what to restock. Shoppers should sign up at the variant level when a product has multiple variants like sizes or colors (they pick the exact one and only get notified about that one), or at the product level when there's nothing meaningful to choose between — default to whichever fits. The widget sits on the product page right under the sold-out button, takes an email, confirms inline, and never appears on items already in stock. When something is back, every shopper waiting should be emailed in the order they signed up; if only a few units come back and many are waiting, notify the front of the queue and keep the rest for the next restock, and each shopper hears about a given item once per restock so no duplicate blasts if stock briefly dips. In the admin I want a dashboard ranking products by waitlist size, a drill-in to see individual subscribers and export them as CSV, an editor for the email subject and body (with product name, item details, and a one-click unsubscribe link), and quiet hours so nothing sends late at night. Every email needs a working unsubscribe that clears the shopper from all their waitlists; deleted products clear their waitlist cleanly; duplicate signups for the same item from the same email are a no-op; the same email across many products is fine. The number I care about most is "lost demand recovered" — how many signed up, how many got notified, and how many of those actually bought that item within a week.

Product-agent intent (use as context — pick the archetype, capabilities,
and contracts from the merchant's actual needs):
{"triggerTypes": ["widget", "webhook", "cron", "admin"], "resources": ["products", "inventory", "customers", "orders"], "desiredOutcome": "Recover lost sales by capturing shopper demand for sold-out items, notifying them reliably when stock returns, and measuring how many sales result.", "cronHint": "Every 30 minutes (or merchant-configurable schedule) during quiet hours", "appCategory": "storefront_backend_admin", "qualityBrief": "A polished back-in-stock app handles duplicate webhook delivery (idempotent signup and restock sends), guest checkout (no customer ID, email alone is the key), partial restocks (queue management and per-restock-per-shopper deduplication), deleted/unpublished products (safe cascade of waitlist), and variant-level subscriptions correctly (same product, different variants = separate queues). UX must show empty states gracefully, give instant inline confirmation to the shopper, and let the merchant export CSV reliably. The metrics page must track signup \u2192 send \u2192 purchase attribution within the 7-day window, account for bounced emails and unsubscribes in the send count, and survive duplicate restock events without double-crediting. Quiet hours must be timezone-aware and merchant-configurable. The email template must render product images, variant-specific details (size, color label), and a one-click unsubscribe that works without re-entering the email."}

Work in two phases, then call emit_hld_plan:
  1. Design the domain plan (archetype, data model, capabilities, triggers,
     contracts) in domain terms.
  2. Resolve the Shopify bindings with the catalog tools — for each
     external-event trigger pick the topic and bind every signalField to a
     real payload path (verified with get_webhook_topic) or a declared
     resolution hop; for each shopify-* capability resolve the op(s) (use
     list_shopify_ops to compare siblings, get_shopify_op for detail).
Then call emit_hld_plan once with the complete plan.