Merchant request: I'm selling on Shopify and want to start offering product bundles to lift my average order value. Customers buy single products today; if I bundle related products with a discount I think I can get them to add more to the cart. I should be able to create and manage bundles myself from the Shopify admin — no developer help needed once it's set up. Two bundle types matter. Fixed: I pick the exact products and the customer buys the whole pack or nothing. Flexible: I define a pool and a count ("pick any 3 from this list") and the customer chooses which items they want. Each bundle should let me pick products or specific variants. The discount should be configurable per bundle. I want to choose between three discount kinds: percentage off the bundle total, a flat amount off, or buy-X-get-Y-free where one of the items is effectively included free. On top of that I want tiered discounts — the more items in the bundle the bigger the cut. For example 2 items 10% off, 3 items 20% off, 4 items 30% off. On the storefront the bundle UI should appear on the product page itself. The customer picks their items (for flexible bundles), sees the discounted total live, and adds the whole bundle to cart in one click — discount applied automatically at checkout. In the admin I want a table of all my bundles, edit any field, enable/disable per bundle, and a count of times each was bought.

Product-agent intent (use as context — pick the archetype, capabilities,
and contracts from the merchant's actual needs):
{"triggerTypes": ["widget", "admin"], "resources": ["products", "discounts"], "desiredOutcome": "Merchants create and manage fixed/flexible product bundles with configurable and tiered discounts; customers pick items on the storefront, see live totals, and add to cart with one click.", "cronHint": null, "appCategory": "storefront_backend_admin", "qualityBrief": "A polished bundle app handles duplicate webhook delivery on discount creation, prevents customers from picking fewer items than required in flexible bundles, gracefully disables the widget if a bundled product is deleted or goes out of stock, and shows the merchant clear feedback when a discount tier is misconfigured (e.g., overlapping ranges). The storefront widget must calculate and display the final price instantly as items are selected, handle mobile-friendly variant selection, and include copy-to-clipboard for bundle URLs. The admin panel must validate that fixed bundles have at least 2 items and flexible bundles have a pool larger than the required count. The app must track which bundle each order came from (via order note), handle partial refunds without re-crediting the discount, and avoid applying the discount twice if the customer manually adds a discount code at checkout."}

Work in two phases, then call emit_hld_plan:
  1. Design the domain plan (archetype, data model, capabilities, triggers,
     contracts) in domain terms.
  2. Resolve the Shopify bindings with the catalog tools — for each
     external-event trigger pick the topic and bind every signalField to a
     real payload path (verified with get_webhook_topic) or a declared
     resolution hop; for each shopify-* capability resolve the op(s) (use
     list_shopify_ops to compare siblings, get_shopify_op for detail).
Then call emit_hld_plan once with the complete plan.