Merchant request: I'm selling on Shopify and want to start offering product bundles to lift my average order value. Customers buy single products today; if I bundle related products with a discount I think I can get them to add more to the cart. I should be able to create and manage bundles myself from the Shopify admin — no developer help needed once it's set up. Two bundle types matter. Fixed: I pick the exact products and the customer buys the whole pack or nothing. Flexible: I define a pool and a count ("pick any 3 from this list") and the customer chooses which items they want. Each bundle should let me pick products or specific variants. The discount should be configurable per bundle. I want to choose between three discount kinds: percentage off the bundle total, a flat amount off, or buy-X-get-Y-free where one of the items is effectively included free. On top of that I want tiered discounts — the more items in the bundle the bigger the cut. For example 2 items 10% off, 3 items 20% off, 4 items 30% off. On the storefront the bundle UI should appear on the product page itself. The customer picks their items (for flexible bundles), sees the discounted total live, and adds the whole bundle to cart in one click — discount applied automatically at checkout. In the admin I want a table of all my bundles, edit any field, enable/disable per bundle, and a count of times each was bought.

Product-agent intent (use as context — pick the archetype, capabilities,
and contracts from the merchant's actual needs):
{"triggerTypes": ["admin", "widget"], "resources": ["products", "discounts"], "desiredOutcome": "Merchants create and manage product bundles with configurable tiered discounts; customers select and purchase bundles from the storefront with automatic discount at checkout.", "cronHint": null, "appCategory": "storefront_backend_admin", "qualityBrief": "A polished bundle app handles variant-level selection (not just products), enforces inventory at the bundle level (warn if an item is out of stock), generates unique discount codes per bundle + tier combo without collisions, and recovers gracefully from deleted products or disabled variants mid-campaign. The storefront widget must show live totals as selections change, work on mobile, and handle edge cases like adding the same bundle twice (should the customer get two separate discounts or one?). The admin table must let bulk enable/disable, show which products appear in each bundle, and log purchase attribution accurately (a bundle discount code tied to exactly which bundle definition generated it). Tiered discounts must apply based on the bundle's item count, not cart total, and the merchant must see which tier was triggered on each order."}

Work in two phases, then call emit_hld_plan:
  1. Design the domain plan (archetype, data model, capabilities, triggers,
     contracts) in domain terms.
  2. Resolve the Shopify bindings with the catalog tools — for each
     external-event trigger pick the topic and bind every signalField to a
     real payload path (verified with get_webhook_topic) or a declared
     resolution hop; for each shopify-* capability resolve the op(s) (use
     list_shopify_ops to compare siblings, get_shopify_op for detail).
Then call emit_hld_plan once with the complete plan.