[user]
I run a Shopify store and I'm losing sales every time something sells out — shoppers see "Sold out" and leave without telling me they were interested. I want a "Notify me when back in stock" app so any shopper can leave their email on a sold-out item and hear from me the moment it's available again, and I can see in the admin which products people are waiting on so I know what to restock. Shoppers should sign up at the variant level when a product has multiple variants like sizes or colors (they pick the exact one and only get notified about that one), or at the product level when there's nothing meaningful to choose between — default to whichever fits. The widget sits on the product page right under the sold-out button, takes an email, confirms inline, and never appears on items already in stock. When something is back, every shopper waiting should be emailed in the order they signed up; if only a few units come back and many are waiting, notify the front of the queue and keep the rest for the next restock, and each shopper hears about a given item once per restock so no duplicate blasts if stock briefly dips. In the admin I want a dashboard ranking products by waitlist size, a drill-in to see individual subscribers and export them as CSV, an editor for the email subject and body (with product name, item details, and a one-click unsubscribe link), and quiet hours so nothing sends late at night. Every email needs a working unsubscribe that clears the shopper from all their waitlists; deleted products clear their waitlist cleanly; duplicate signups for the same item from the same email are a no-op; the same email across many products is fine. The number I care about most is "lost demand recovered" — how many signed up, how many got notified, and how many of those actually bought that item within a week.

[assistant]
{"status": "needs_clarification", "questions": [{"question": "For the 'lost demand recovered' metric \u2014 when a shopper gets notified and buys within a week, how should the app know they bought BECAUSE of the notification vs. just happened to buy anyway? Should we attribute the sale if they bought the same variant within 7 days, or do you want a different signal (e.g., they click a link in the email)?", "suggestions": ["Attribute any purchase of that variant within 7 days", "Only attribute if they click the notification email link first", "Track both; let me see them separately in the dashboard"]}, {"question": "For quiet hours \u2014 should emails be blocked entirely during those hours, or should they queue up and send first thing when quiet hours end?", "suggestions": ["Block and discard \u2014 don't send if stock returns during quiet hours", "Queue and send at the start of business hours next morning", "Send immediately regardless \u2014 quiet hours are just a setting I won't use"]}], "question": "For the 'lost demand recovered' metric \u2014 when a shopper gets notified and buys within a week, how should the app know they bought BECAUSE of the notification vs. just happened to buy anyway? Should we attribute the sale if they bought the same variant within 7 days, or do you want a different signal (e.g., they click a link in the email)?", "suggestions": ["Attribute any purchase of that variant within 7 days", "Only attribute if they click the notification email link first", "Track both; let me see them separately in the dashboard"]}

[user]
- For the 'lost demand recovered' metric — when a shopper gets notified and buys within a week, how should the app know they bought BECAUSE of the notification vs. just happened to buy anyway? Should we attribute the sale if they bought the same variant within 7 days, or do you want a different signal (e.g., they click a link in the email)?: drop this feature: how many of those actually bought that item within a week.
- For quiet hours — should emails be blocked entirely during those hours, or should they queue up and send first thing when quiet hours end?: Drop the quiet hours. just send the notification to all of the subscribers as soon as the item restocked.