[user]
I'm selling on Shopify and want to start offering product bundles to lift my average order value. Customers buy single products today; if I bundle related products with a discount I think I can get them to add more to the cart. I should be able to create and manage bundles myself from the Shopify admin — no developer help needed once it's set up. Two bundle types matter. Fixed: I pick the exact products and the customer buys the whole pack or nothing. Flexible: I define a pool and a count ("pick any 3 from this list") and the customer chooses which items they want. Each bundle should let me pick products or specific variants. The discount should be configurable per bundle. I want to choose between three discount kinds: percentage off the bundle total, a flat amount off, or buy-X-get-Y-free where one of the items is effectively included free. On top of that I want tiered discounts — the more items in the bundle the bigger the cut. For example 2 items 10% off, 3 items 20% off, 4 items 30% off. On the storefront the bundle UI should appear on the product page itself. The customer picks their items (for flexible bundles), sees the discounted total live, and adds the whole bundle to cart in one click — discount applied automatically at checkout. In the admin I want a table of all my bundles, edit any field, enable/disable per bundle, and a count of times each was bought.

[assistant]
{"status": "needs_clarification", "question": "You've described a rich bundle system with two key mechanics: (1) fixed packs where you define the exact items, and (2) flexible 'pick N from M' bundles. For the flexible bundles, when a customer adds the bundle to their cart, should each selected item appear as a separate line in their cart (so they see three distinct products if they picked three), or should they all be bundled into a single line-item label?", "suggestions": ["Each selected item shows separately in the cart with the discount applied", "All selected items appear under one bundle-name line"]}

[user]
Each selected item shows separately in the cart with the discount applied