Merchant request: I run a Shopify store and I'm losing sales every time something sells out — shoppers see "Sold out" and leave without telling me they were interested. I want a "Notify me when back in stock" app so any shopper can leave their email on a sold-out item and hear from me the moment it's available again, and I can see in the admin which products people are waiting on so I know what to restock. Shoppers should sign up at the variant level when a product has multiple variants like sizes or colors (they pick the exact one and only get notified about that one), or at the product level when there's nothing meaningful to choose between — default to whichever fits. The widget sits on the product page right under the sold-out button, takes an email, confirms inline, and never appears on items already in stock. When something is back, every shopper waiting should be emailed in the order they signed up; if only a few units come back and many are waiting, notify the front of the queue and keep the rest for the next restock, and each shopper hears about a given item once per restock so no duplicate blasts if stock briefly dips. In the admin I want a dashboard ranking products by waitlist size, a drill-in to see individual subscribers and export them as CSV, an editor for the email subject and body (with product name, item details, and a one-click unsubscribe link), and quiet hours so nothing sends late at night. Every email needs a working unsubscribe that clears the shopper from all their waitlists; deleted products clear their waitlist cleanly; duplicate signups for the same item from the same email are a no-op; the same email across many products is fine. The number I care about most is "lost demand recovered" — how many signed up, how many got notified, and how many of those actually bought that item within a week.

Product-agent intent (use as context — pick the archetype, capabilities,
and contracts from the merchant's actual needs):
{"triggerTypes": ["widget", "webhook", "cron", "admin"], "resources": ["products", "inventory", "customers"], "desiredOutcome": "Recover lost sales by capturing shopper interest in sold-out items, notifying them intelligently when stock returns, and showing the merchant demand-recovery metrics.", "cronHint": "every 1 hour (inventory polling) + on-demand restock detection", "appCategory": "storefront_backend_admin", "qualityBrief": "A mature back-in-stock notifier handles duplicate signups (same email + variant = no-op), respects quiet hours by deferring sends until the window opens, tracks per-shopper-per-product notification state so no duplicate blasts if stock briefly dips, and cleanly removes waitlist entries when products are deleted. The widget must appear only on actually sold-out variants (not low-stock), default to variant-level signup when variants exist, and show inline confirmation with an option to manage subscriptions. The admin dashboard ranks products by waitlist urgency, shows export-ready lists, and includes a customizable email template with one-click unsubscribe links. Conversion metrics (\"did this shopper buy within a week?\") require linking the notified email to Shopify orders, with a fallback for guest checkout."}

Work in two phases, then call emit_hld_plan:
  1. Design the domain plan (archetype, data model, capabilities, triggers,
     contracts) in domain terms.
  2. Resolve the Shopify bindings with the catalog tools — for each
     external-event trigger pick the topic and bind every signalField to a
     real payload path (verified with get_webhook_topic) or a declared
     resolution hop; for each shopify-* capability resolve the op(s) (use
     list_shopify_ops to compare siblings, get_shopify_op for detail).
Then call emit_hld_plan once with the complete plan.