[user]
I'm selling on Shopify and want to start offering product bundles to lift my average order value. Customers buy single products today; if I bundle related products with a discount I think I can get them to add more to the cart. I should be able to create and manage bundles myself from the Shopify admin — no developer help needed once it's set up. Two bundle types matter. Fixed: I pick the exact products and the customer buys the whole pack or nothing. Flexible: I define a pool and a count ("pick any 3 from this list") and the customer chooses which items they want. Each bundle should let me pick products or specific variants. The discount should be configurable per bundle. I want to choose between three discount kinds: percentage off the bundle total, a flat amount off, or buy-X-get-Y-free where one of the items is effectively included free. On top of that I want tiered discounts — the more items in the bundle the bigger the cut. For example 2 items 10% off, 3 items 20% off, 4 items 30% off. On the storefront the bundle UI should appear on the product page itself. The customer picks their items (for flexible bundles), sees the discounted total live, and adds the whole bundle to cart in one click — discount applied automatically at checkout. In the admin I want a table of all my bundles, edit any field, enable/disable per bundle, and a count of times each was bought.

[assistant]
{"status": "needs_clarification", "question": "You've described a feature that requires custom logic to execute at the checkout step \u2014 specifically, dynamically merging multiple purchased items into a single virtual line item under a bundle name, hiding individual items behind the bundle wrapper, or displaying items in the cart differently from how Shopify stores them. This is a Shopify Functions / Cart Transform capability, which Ton cannot build. However, there's a fully-in-scope alternative: Ton can build a bundle picker widget that adds each selected product as a separate line to the cart (so the cart shows all items individually, exactly as Shopify stores them) and applies a discount code automatically at checkout. The discount code is generated per bundle type and can be tiered based on total items. The customer sees a live total in the picker, clicks one button, and the items + code go to cart. The cart UI shows the items separately plus the applied code. Does this approach work for you, or do you specifically need the cart to display items under a single merged 'bundle' line?", "suggestions": ["Picker adds items separately, applies discount code automatically", "Show me how discount codes work with bundles", "I need items hidden under one line \u2014 can't do that"]}

[user]
Picker adds items separately, applies discount code automatically