[user]
I'm selling on Shopify and want to start offering product bundles to lift my average order value. Customers buy single products today; if I bundle related products with a discount I think I can get them to add more to the cart. I should be able to create and manage bundles myself from the Shopify admin — no developer help needed once it's set up. Two bundle types matter. Fixed: I pick the exact products and the customer buys the whole pack or nothing. Flexible: I define a pool and a count ("pick any 3 from this list") and the customer chooses which items they want. Each bundle should let me pick products or specific variants. The discount should be configurable per bundle. I want to choose between three discount kinds: percentage off the bundle total, a flat amount off, or buy-X-get-Y-free where one of the items is effectively included free. On top of that I want tiered discounts — the more items in the bundle the bigger the cut. For example 2 items 10% off, 3 items 20% off, 4 items 30% off. On the storefront the bundle UI should appear on the product page itself. The customer picks their items (for flexible bundles), sees the discounted total live, and adds the whole bundle to cart in one click — discount applied automatically at checkout. In the admin I want a table of all my bundles, edit any field, enable/disable per bundle, and a count of times each was bought.

[assistant]
{"status": "needs_clarification", "questions": [{"question": "For flexible bundles (pick N from a pool), where should the bundle picker appear? On a specific 'anchor' product's page (and the customer adds the bundle from there), or as a standalone widget accessible from multiple product pages?", "suggestions": ["Anchor product page \u2014 picker launches from one chosen product", "Standalone widget \u2014 accessible from any product page in the pool"]}, {"question": "When a customer adds a flexible bundle to their cart after choosing 3 items, how should those items appear in the cart? As separate line items (3 rows) or grouped under a bundle name?", "suggestions": ["Separate line items \u2014 each chosen product appears as its own row", "Grouped display \u2014 all 3 items listed under one 'Bundle name' section"]}], "question": "For flexible bundles (pick N from a pool), where should the bundle picker appear? On a specific 'anchor' product's page (and the customer adds the bundle from there), or as a standalone widget accessible from multiple product pages?", "suggestions": ["Anchor product page \u2014 picker launches from one chosen product", "Standalone widget \u2014 accessible from any product page in the pool"]}

[user]
- For flexible bundles (pick N from a pool), where should the bundle picker appear? On a specific 'anchor' product's page (and the customer adds the bundle from there), or as a standalone widget accessible from multiple product pages?: Standalone widget — accessible from any product page in the pool
- When a customer adds a flexible bundle to their cart after choosing 3 items, how should those items appear in the cart? As separate line items (3 rows) or grouped under a bundle name?: Separate line items — each chosen product appears as its own row